TELCODOCS-2045 - Telco core RDS 4.18 docs (#88622)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-core-red-hat-advanced-cluster-management.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * scalability_and_performance/telco_core_ref_design_specs/telco-core-rds.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="telco-core-red-hat-advanced-cluster-management_{context}"]
= Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management

New in this release::
* No reference design updates in this release

Description::

> {rh-rhacm-first} provides Multi Cluster Engine (MCE) installation and ongoing zero touch provisioning (ZTP)lifecycle management for deployed clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{rh-rhacm-first} provides Multi Cluster Engine (MCE) installation and ongoing zero touch provisioning (ZTP) lifecycle management for deployed clusters.
```

> {rh-rhacm-first} provides Multi Cluster Engine (MCE) installation and ongoing zero touch provisioning (ZTP) lifecycle management for deployed clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{rh-rhacm-first} provides Multi Cluster Engine (MCE) installation and ongoing zero-touch provisioning (ZTP) lifecycle management for deployed clusters.
```

You manage cluster configuration and upgrades declaratively by applying `Policy` custom resources (CRs) to clusters during maintenance windows.

> You apply policies with the {rh-rhacm} policy controller as managed by {cgu-operator-full}.

Reviewer 3: The content starting on line 16 does not line up with the paragraph above it, which renders a bit weird.

> Configuration, upgrades, and cluster status are managed through the Policy controller.

Reviewer: This is the only case of uppercase P in policy controller.

```suggestion
Configuration, upgrades, and cluster status are managed through the policy controller.
```

When installing managed clusters, {rh-rhacm} applies labels and initial ignition configuration to individual nodes in support of custom disk partitioning, allocation of roles, and allocation to machine config pools.
You define these configurations with `SiteConfig` or `ClusterInstance` CRs.

Limits and requirements::

* Hub cluster sizing is discussed in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html-single/install/index#sizing-your-cluster[Sizing your cluster].

> * {rh-rhacm} scaling limits are described in link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.11/html-single/install/index#performance-and-scalability[Performance and Scalability].

Reviewer 3: Can't help but wonder if maintenance would be easier here if you made 2.11 an attribute. Just a thought, though, as I'm sure you've considered it.

Engineering considerations::

> * When managing multiple clusters, with unique content per installation, site, or deployment, the use of {rh-rhacm} hub templating is strongly recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* When managing multiple clusters with unique content per installation, site, or deployment, using {rh-rhacm} hub templating is strongly recommended.
```
